Topic(Problem Statement)- To create an app that deals with the safety and security of women

Solution-My idea is to create an app that deals with the safety and security of women in the present era. Every now and then we hear about a girl or a woman being harassed and the figures are going from bad to worse. As computer science students the role comes on our part to provide them with a safer society with the advancement in technologies.This can be achieved by creating an app that sends the location of the person in trouble along with all other details to the nearest police station so that instant help is available. If this idea is generalised, we can provide help to anyone who needs instant help. For example if someone meets up with an accident on the road, any person nearby him can use this app and ask for help.We could also use cases like press 1 for help from a hospital or press 2 if you need help from the police station and so on. Coming to the basic versionof my idea, it will have an intent which gets the location of the person in need anlong with the contact number of his/her closest friend, name of the person and an e-mail id of the person.As soon as the person in need presses the help button an intent is sent through the mail id, a text message is sent to the closest friend along with the person's location and a call is made to the police station. This will ensure total security of the woman in need.With this the purpose of providing proper security will be accomplished. A better version of this app maybe created later for reference.
